This repository contains one of the jBPM starter applications from [jBPM - Build your business application](https://start.jbpm.org/) expanded to demonstrate more complete examples.

The original-business-* contains the original starter business application. 
  * original-business-application-kjar: A kjar project. The kjar project holds the process flows, business rules, optimization and other information needed to implement and run in the jBPM runtime engine. The default starter kjar only has a default configuration files. Adding process flows will be covered later. The will build as is out of the box and installs with GAV of `com.company:business-application-kjar:1.0-SNAPSHOT`. The `pom.xml` that comes out of the box will cause issues with eclipse m2e and so an entry to fix the warnings from m2e has been added to the project's `pom.xml`.
  * original-business-application-model: A simple java project to be used as an external data model for business processes. The default contains an empty POJO at `com.company.model.Model`.
  * original-business-application-service: The default springboot jBPM service. The default server state is defined in `business-application-service.xml` in the project's root directory. This configuration file defines a deployed and running container with the same GAV value as the business-application-kjar. If you run the server it will initially fail with a java runtime exception `java.lang.RuntimeException: Cannot find KieModule: com.company:business-application-kjar:1.0-SNAPSHOT`. To fix this you must install the kjar into the local maven repository with `mvn install` from the kjar project. Alternatively the container startup information could be removed from the configuration file. Once the springboot jBPM service is started it is running on localhost port 8090. The jBPM REST endpoint can be found at http://localhost:8090/rest/server and is access restricted. The Authorization is configured in the DefaultWebSecurityConfig.java class of the project. 
 